LSH Games Studio Privacy Policy

1. Introduction:
We develops and publishes games and apps for the mobile devices.
Our Privacy Policy (the "Policy"), explains how we collect, store, use and share your Personal Information, referring to information that personally identifies you, such as name, address, phone number or email address. Our Policy extends to all users and others who access the mobile app.

2. Personal Information:
The information, we processed while you visit, download or update our Games and Apps is limited to the following data that doesn’t personally identify you, but can uniquely identify the using device.
The information may be used by us to personalize advertising, etc.
In some countries, these data can be considered as a Personal Information, including:
Аdvertising ID is a unique identifier associated with your mobile phone or tablet, which advertisers use to track advertising.
Location information is a general information about the location of the device which using our apps and games (for example, IP address, country and city).
Device Information is a technical information about your mobile device, such as your device ID, operating system information, network information, the brand and manufacturer of your device, localization, the your operator’s name and the installed app version or game on your device.

We may use the Personal Information provided by you to:
help us develop and improve our Products, and provide higher quality Services;
personalize the supplying content and information, which may include online advertising;
to estimate the our services effectiveness;
resolve technical issue.

3. Providing information to Third Parties:
We don’t give or share your Personal Information with Third Parties.

4. Use of Personal Information by Partners:
User device information, location and geographic coordinates, device language information, unique app number, user ID, advertising interaction information, information about user apps, network information can be collected and processed by the following partners:
AdMob and AdSense. AdMob and AdSense usage policies are available at: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543
Google Inc. Privacy Policy is available at the following link: https://policies.google.com/privacy, contacts: https://www.google.com/intl/en/contact/. For more information about how Google Inc uses the information collected, in the section "How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services" by the link: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
GameAnalytics. Privacy Policy is available at: https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Appodeal. Privacy Policy is available at: https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/

5. Personal Information about Children:
We adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and we don’t collect children’s information.

6. Third-Party Sites and Their Privacy Policy:
Our apps may have a links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for their content, activities, or how they use the collection’s information and / or provide to them. Please read their Privacy Policy before begin using Third-Party websites.

7. Transfer of Personal Information to EU Users:
We have abided by the rules for the protection and processing of GDPR data and we rely on the following legal basis to process your Personal Detail:
your consent to the Personal Information processing;
when the Personal Information processing is in our legitimate interests or in the legitimate interests of our advertising Partners or Service Providers;
when processing information is necessary in order to make Games and Apps accessible to you.

If you believe that your rights under the GDPR are violated, you will can contact us at the e-mail indicated in the Policy.

8. Our Contacts:
Please contact us at: leonid.shkatulo@gmail.com if you have any questions about the privacy of



