Leonid Shkatulo Privacy Policy

1. Introduction:
We develops and publishes games and apps for the mobile devices.
Our Privacy Policy (the "Policy"), explains how we collect, store, use and share your Personal Information, referring to information that personally identifies you, such as name, address, phone number or email address. Our Policy extends to all users and others who access the mobile app.

2. Personal Information:
The information, we processed while you visit, download or update our Games and Apps is limited to the following data that doesn’t personally identify you, but can uniquely identify the using device.
The information may be used by us to personalize advertising, etc.
In some countries, these data can be considered as a Personal Information, including:
Аdvertising ID is a unique identifier associated with your mobile phone or tablet, which advertisers use to track advertising.

Device Information is a technical information about your mobile device, such as your device ID.

We may use the Personal Information provided by you to:
help us develop and improve our Products, and provide higher quality Services;
personalize the supplying content and information, which may include online advertising;
to estimate the our services effectiveness;
resolve technical issue.

3. Providing information to Third Parties:
We don’t give or share your Personal Information with Third Parties.

4. Use of Personal Information by Partners:
User device information, device language information, unique app number, user ID, advertising interaction information can be collected and processed by the following partners:
4.1 AdMob. AdMob usage policie are available at: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543
4.2 Appodeal. Privacy Policy is available at: https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/

5. Personal Information about Children:
We adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and we don’t collect children’s information.

6. Third-Party Sites and Their Privacy Policy:
Our apps do not link to third party websites

7. Transfer of Personal Information to EU Users:
We have abided by the rules for the protection and processing of GDPR data and we rely on the following legal basis to process your Personal Detail:
your consent to the Personal Information processing;
when the Personal Information processing is in our legitimate interests or in the legitimate interests of our advertising Partners or Service Providers;
when processing information is necessary in order to make Games and Apps accessible to you.

If you believe that your rights under the GDPR are violated, you will can contact us at the e-mail indicated in the Policy.

8. Our Contacts:
Please contact us at: lsh.games.studio@gmail.com or leonid.shkatulo@gmail.com if you have any questions about the privacy of



